hello ladies welcome back to much more
than beauty so in today's video I'm
going to be doing a celebrity inspired
hairstyle using dippity-do girls with
curls products and so this hairstyle was
inspired by Beyonce in her baby boy
video featuring Sean Paul so if you're
interested in seeing how I recreated
this hairstyle please keep watching to
begin I am starting off with freshly
washed hair and I used the girls with
curls curl shampoo and then i detangled
and conditioned with their curl
conditioner I did leave some of the
conditioner in my hair just to make the
braiding process much easier and
smoother and so using a rat tail comb
what you want to do is you want to
section off some hair where you're going
to be doing the cornrows and depending
on your preference you can do the braids
on the left or the right side of your
head
I'm going to be doing mines on the right
side and you want to make sure that you
section off enough hair to do all at
least about five cornrow braids
unfortunately ladies I cannot explain
how to do corn rolls in this video would
have to be a completely separate video
but if you're interested in learning how
to do cornrows I would recommend
watching some YouTube videos I'm going
to be braiding each cornrow back to
about behind my ear and as you could
probably see I am NOT the best at
cornrows honestly this is my best
attempt and for the most part they look
okay so I'm just going to continue until
I have five cornrow braids you could use
elastic bands to secure each cornrow but
what I did is I just braided it a little
bit past my scalp and now that I have
all five cornrows in I'm going to begin
styling the rest of my hair so I'm going
to begin using the girls with curls
defining cream and you can find this
cream at your local Walgreens or you can
visit your website
dippity-doo com to find it and I'm just
going to take a good amount of that
product and apply it all throughout my
hair spreading it evenly from the ends
to my roots because my ends tend to be
the driest next I'm going to be using
the girls with curls light whole jelly
and I love this jelly because it
contains no alcohol and it doesn't leave
your hair hard or crunchy no residues
and no flaking and so I'm just going to
take some of this product and again I'm
just going to spread it evenly all
throughout my hair once you have enough
of both products in your hair I'm going
to start the crunching method which is
where I take my hands and I crunch my
ends towards my roots and this is to
help give more definition and more
volume in the curls
now it's time to lift the hair air-dry
once the hair begins to dry you can see
more the definition and the volume in
the curls and so for the most part this
could be the finished look but there is
another option and that is one curls
using my Remington wand I'm going to
begin creating some curls at the very
top of my hair really I don't have to
curl anything underneath it's just at
the very top and it's very few random
sections that I'm going to curl so I'm
really you could curl as much as you
want um I'm just going to curl a very
very small amount just to give it a more
of a perfect curl look and so this is
what the hairstyle looks like with those
optional want curls added and for added
volume you could take a wide toothed
comb and just comb through the root of
your hair to create more of that big
curly hair look
alright ladies so this is the finished
look if you liked it please press like
and let me know if you've ever tried
this hairstyle before also let me know
have you tried the produced girls with
curls products yet and if you did how
did you like them and if you haven't you
are definitely missing out those
products are absolutely amazing for
curly hair and they're very affordable
you can find it at Walgreens or you can
get it on their website de prezi.com a
message for my Hispanic girls tengo zoom
inside ami chicas gone Rizzo's esta
usted men preguntamos a veces que era
video en panne your important latenan
vídeo en espanol este esta mi canal a
spaniel de mucho más que ver SI lo puede
encontrar y datum un tutorial usando
productos que hace este video pero le
flic MS en espanol entonces usted assess
an intense ah de ver si video portable
check a aqui Yaya Tavares este video
thank you again ladies for watching
actually appreciate every single one of
you guys if you like this video please
be sure to press the like button and if
you haven't subscribed please be sure to
subscribe and feel free to check out my
latest videos also follow me on Twitter
or Facebook Instagram and Google+ and
please check out my new website much
more than beauty comm so I'll see you
guys next time in the next video bye